placeholder for blog (#41924)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-08-21-job-update-post.md

---
layout: blog

> title: "Kubernetes 1.28: New Job Features"

Reviewer: this title is not very enticing.

How about `Advanced failure handling using Jobs`?

That title would also cover `podFailurePolicy`, which we haven't promoted in a blogpost yet. We could add a quick mention.

Reviewer 2: I'd say “Improved failure handling for Jobs”

Reviewer 3: I like “Improved failure handling for Jobs”, as `backoffLimitPerIndex` and `podRepalcementPolicy: Failed` seem actually as desired behavior in most cases.

However, I think the current "Kubernetes 1.28: New Job Features" title makes also sense as these are the only new Job features that enter alpha in 1.28. But focusing attention also makes sense.

Reviewer 3: Retitled and added a mention for pod failure policy

date: 2023-08-21
slug: kubernetes-1-28-jobapi-update
---

**Authors:** Kevin Hannon (G-Research), Michał Woźniak (Google)

This blog discusses two new features in Kubernetes 1.28 to improve Jobs for batch
users: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

> and [BackoffLimitPerIndex](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3850-backoff-limits-per-index-for-indexed-jobs).

Reviewer: Worth mentioning how these features are related, as an introduction that would motivate users to continue reading.

Reviewer 3: Added a sentence to glue it together. PTAL

> ## Pod Replacement Policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Pod replacement policy
```

Reviewer 3: Done

### What problem does this solve?

By default, when a pod enters a terminating state (e.g. due to preemption or
eviction), a replacement pod is created immediately, and both pods are running

> at the same time.

Reviewer: Add: In API terms, a pod is considered terminating when it has a deletionTimestamp and it has a phase Pending or Running.

This is problematic for some popular machine learning frameworks, such as
TensorFlow and [JAX](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which require at most one pod running at the same time,

> for a given index (see more details in the [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/115844)).

Reviewer: Are there that many more details there? I think it's ok to skip, as issues are generally very disorganized contents.

Reviewer 2: Changes are still feasible if we want to make them.

Creating the replacement Pod before the previous one fully terminates can also
cause problems in clusters with scarce resources or with tight budgets. These

> resources can be difficult to obtain so pods can take a long time to find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources can be difficult to obtain, so pods can take a long time to find
```

resources and they may only be able to find nodes until the existing pods are
fully terminated. Further, if cluster autoscaler is enabled, the replacement
Pods might produce undesired scale ups.

> ### How can I use it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How can I use it? {#pod-replacement-policy-how-to-use}
```

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on `JobPodReplacementPolicy`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) in
your cluster.

> Once the feature is enabled you can use it by creating a new Job, which specifies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the feature is enabled in your cluster, you can use it by creating a new Job that specifies a
```

`podReplacementPolicy` field as shown here:

```yaml
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: new
  ...
spec:

>   podReplacementPolicy: Failed

Reviewer: explain how this is interpreted: The pods would only be replaced once they reached the Failed phase, and not when they are terminating.

Reviewer 3: Added

  ...
```

Additionally, you can inspect the `.status.terminating` field of a Job. The value
of the field is the number of Pods owned by the Job that are currently terminating.

```shell
kubectl get jobs/myjob -o yaml
```

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
status:
  terminating: 3 # three Pods are terminating and have not yet reached the Failed phase
```

This can be particularly useful for external queueing controllers, such as

> [Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue), that would calculate the
> quota and suspend the start of a new Job until the resources are reclaimed from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue), that track quota
from running Pods of a Job until the resources are reclaimed from
```

the currently terminating Job.

> 

Reviewer 4: Maybe it would be worth it to mention that `Failed` policy is used by default when using `podFailurePolicy`? Plus a link to `podFailurePolicy`.

Reviewer 3: Good point, added.

### How can I learn more?

> - Read the KEP: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

Author: I'm not sure how the linking would work as that PR is being merged into 1.28 branch.  I took examples where people link to the kep in the blog posts.

> - Read the KEP: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

Reviewer: I would place all the links at the end of the blog. But the documentation should be listed before the KEP, as KEPs are less user-friendly.

> - Read the KEP: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

Reviewer 2: To preview the v1.28 docs, visit https://deploy-preview-41165--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/home/ 

The URL path after release will be the same, and we prefer site relative hyperlinks.

> - Read the KEP: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

Reviewer 3: > I would place all the links at the end of the blog. But the documentation should be listed before the KEP, as KEPs are less user-friendly.

Moved the "how can I learn more" section down, including all 3 features involved. I agree the KEPs are borderline.

> - Read the KEP: [PodReplacementPolicy](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3939-allow-replacement-when-fully-terminated)

Reviewer 3: The link to pod replacement policy should work once we have this one: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42484

> ## Job Backoff Limit per Index

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Per-index retry limiting for Jobs
```
?

Reviewer 3: I think "for Jobs" is extra here, due to the context. as for `Per-index retry limiting` vs `backoff limit per index` - I think both make sense to me, but I'm leaning towards `backoff limit per index` to keep the naming consistent.

### What problem does this solve?

By default, pod failures for [Indexed Jobs](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode)
are counted towards the global limit of retries, represented by `.spec.backoffLimit`.
This means, that if there is a consistently failing index, it is restarted

> repeatedly until it exhausts the limit. Once the limit is exceeded the entire

Reviewer 3: I think we actually check the exceeding: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/f0dcf0614036d8c3cd1c9f3b3cf8df4bb1d8e44e/pkg/controller/job/job_controller.go#L818C2-L818C21. Wdyt?

> repeatedly until it exhausts the limit. Once the limit is exceeded the entire

Reviewer: that's an implementation detail. You "reach" the limit when you do the allowed number of recreations.

> repeatedly until it exhausts the limit. Once the limit is exceeded the entire

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I was thinking "reach" conveys the same as "exceed", so it might be better to be explicit, but I have no strong preference. Seems you both lean towards "reach" I'm happy to accept the remark.

Job is marked failed and some indexes may never be even started.

This is problematic for use cases where you want to handle pod failures for
every index independently. For example, if you use Indexed Jobs for running
integration tests where each index corresponds to a testing suite. In that case,
you may want to account for possible flake tests allowing for 1 or 2 retries per

> suite. Additionally, there might be some buggy suites, making the corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suite. There might be some buggy suites, making the corresponding
```

Reviewer 2: A nit, right?

indexes fail consistently. In that case you may prefer to terminate retries for

> that indexes, yet allowing other suites to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the buggy suites, yet allowing other suites to complete.
```

The feature allows you to:
* complete execution of all indexes, despite some indexes failing,
* better utilize the computational resources by avoiding unnecessary retries of consistently failing indexes.

> ### How to use it?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How can I use it? {#job-backoff-limit-per-index-how-to-use}
```

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on the
`JobBackoffLimitPerIndex`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
in your cluster.

Once the feature is enabled, you can create an Indexed Job with the
`.spec.backoffLimitPerIndex` field specified.

#### Example

> The following example demonstrates how to use this feature to make sure the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use this feature to make it more likely that a
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, to some extent it is still possible that not all indexes would execute if the job fails for another reason that hitting the limit. For example, due to timeout, or is manually deleted by a user.

Reviewer 3: But I don't really like the formulation, "more likely" because it feels like this was flaky :). It is guaranteed now, provided there is no other independent reason for job failure, than pod failures themselves.

Reviewer 3: Added the clarification in parentheses, PTAL

Reviewer 2: This example doesn't execute all indexes - it **fails**. The text “make sure” implies otherwise.

> Job executes all indexes, and the number of failures is controller per index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Job successfully runs all its indexes, by defining that the number of failures is controlled per index.
(This sample Job always fails - we've done that deliberately to demonstrate the new behavior).
```

Reviewer 3: I have fixed the type "controller" -> "controlled". As for other suggestions in the sentence:

1. I think I prefer to stay with "executes" rather than "successfully runs". Using "successfully runs" may suggest to some readers that the Job is marked Successful at the end, while the job is marked Failed if there is at least one failed pod. So "executes all indexes" means "creates pods for all indexes", but is higher level, which I think is ok here.

2. "by defining that" should be ok, but I wanted to focus more on the end goal of what the example will do (in the introductory sentence). In the next step I show what to do (with the example Job yaml). wdyt?

          if id == 1 or id == 2:
            sys.exit(1)
          time.sleep(1)
```

Now, inspect the pods after the job is finished:

```sh
kubectl get pods -l job-name=job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all
```

Returns output similar to this:
```
NAME                                              READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-0-b26vc   0/1     Completed   0          49s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-1-6j5gd   0/1     Error       0          49s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-1-6wd82   0/1     Error       0          37s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-2-c66hg   0/1     Error       0          32s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-2-nf982   0/1     Error       0          43s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-3-cxmhf   0/1     Completed   0          33s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-4-9q6kq   0/1     Completed   0          28s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-5-z9hqf   0/1     Completed   0          28s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-6-tbkr8   0/1     Completed   0          23s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-7-hxjsq   0/1     Completed   0          22s
```

> Additionally, let's take a look at the job status:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can take a look at the status for that Job:
```

```sh
kubectl get jobs job-backoff-limit-per-index-fail-index -o yaml
```

> Returns output similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output ends with a `status` similar to:
```

```yaml
  status:
    completedIndexes: 0,3-7
    failedIndexes: 1,2
    succeeded: 6
    failed: 4
    conditions:
    - message: Job has failed indexes
      reason: FailedIndexes
      status: "True"
      type: Failed
```

Here, indexes `1`  and `2` were both retried once. After the second failure,
in each of them, the specified `.spec.backoffLimitPerIndex` was exceeded, so
the retries were stopped. For comparison, if the per-index backoff was disabled,
then the buggy indexes would retry until the global `backoffLimit` was exceeded,
and then the entire Job would be marked failed, before some of the higher
indexes are started.

> 

Author: @mimowo Maybe we should link to the KEP for people to learn more?  As I did above.  

It would probably be nice to link to the KEP for interested readers.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, added in the section that is now moved to the bottom.

> ### Getting Involved

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
## Getting Involved
```

Reviewer 3: Done

> These features were sponsored by [SIG Apps](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-apps).  Batch is actively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These features were sponsored by [SIG Apps](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-apps).  Batch use cases are actively
```

being improved for Kubernetes users in the
[batch working group](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/wg-batch).
Working groups are relatively short-lived initiatives focused on specific goals.

> In the case of Batch, the goal is to improve/support batch users and enhance the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of the WG BAtch is to improve/support batch users and enhance the
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal of the WG Batch is to improve experience for batch workload users, offer support for
batch processing use cases, and enhance the
```
?

Job API for common use cases.  If that interests you, please join the working
group either by subscriping to our
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/wg-batch) or on
[Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/wg-batch).

> ### Acknowledgments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Acknowledgments
```

---
layout: blog

> title: "Improved failure handling for Jobs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Improved failure handling for Jobs"
```
```suggestion
title: "Kubernetes 1.28: Improved failure handling for Jobs"
```

date: 2023-08-21
slug: kubernetes-1-28-jobapi-update
---

**Authors:** Kevin Hannon (G-Research), Michał Woźniak (Google)

This blog discusses two new features in Kubernetes 1.28 to improve Jobs for batch
users: [Pod replacement policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-replacement-policy)
and [Backoff limit per index](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#backoff-limit-per-index).

> These features provide improvements to the handling of pod failures in Job, which
> continue the effort started by the
> [Pod failure policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-failure-policy)
> feature.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion (Super nit)
These features continue the effort started by the
[Pod failure policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-failure-policy)
to improve the handling of Pod failures in a Job.
```

## Pod replacement policy {#pod-replacement-policy}

By default, when a pod enters a terminating state (e.g. due to preemption or

> eviction), a replacement pod is created immediately, and both pods are running

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
eviction), Kubernetes immediately creates a replacement Pod. Therefore, both Pods are running
```

at the same time. In API terms, a pod is considered terminating when it has a
`deletionTimestamp` and it has a phase `Pending` or `Running`.

> This is problematic for some popular machine learning frameworks, such as

Reviewer 5: The initial "This" in the paragraph might be vague for the reader. I suggest:

The scenario where no Pods are running at a given time is problematic for some popular...

Reviewer 3: Done, just "no Pods" -> "two Pods" :)

TensorFlow and [JAX](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which require at most one pod running at the same time,
for a given index (see more details in the [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/115844)).

> Creating the replacement Pod before the previous one fully terminates can also
> cause problems in clusters with scarce resources or with tight budgets. These
> resources can be difficult to obtain, so pods can take a long time to find
> resources and they may only be able to find nodes until the existing pods are
> fully terminated. Further, if cluster autoscaler is enabled, the replacement
> Pods might produce undesired scale ups.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Creating the replacement Pod before the previous one fully terminates can also
cause problems in clusters with scarce resources or with tight budgets such as:
* Cluster resources can be difficult to obtain for Pods pending to be scheduled. 
* Kubernetes might take a long time to find
available nodes until the existing Pods are fully terminated.
* If cluster autoscaler is enabled, the replacement Pods might produce undesired scale ups.
```

Reviewer 3: Done, but slightly rephrased and connected the points (1.) and (2.) as they seem a continuation of the same point.

> ### How can I use it? {#pod-replacement-policy-how-to-use}

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### How can you use it? {#pod-replacement-policy-how-to-use}
```

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on `JobPodReplacementPolicy`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) in
your cluster.

Once the feature is enabled in your cluster, you can use it by creating a new Job that specifies a
`podReplacementPolicy` field as shown here:

```yaml
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: new
  ...
spec:
  podReplacementPolicy: Failed
  ...
```

In that Job, the pods would only be replaced once they reached the `Failed` phase,
and not when they are terminating.

Additionally, you can inspect the `.status.terminating` field of a Job. The value
of the field is the number of Pods owned by the Job that are currently terminating.

```shell
kubectl get jobs/myjob -o yaml
```

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
status:
  terminating: 3 # three Pods are terminating and have not yet reached the Failed phase
```

This can be particularly useful for external queueing controllers, such as

> [Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue), that track quota

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
[Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue), that tracks quota
```

the currently terminating Job.

Note that the `podReplacementPolicy: Failed` is the default when using a custom
[Pod failure policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-failure-policy).

## Backoff limit per index {#backoff-limit-per-index}

By default, pod failures for [Indexed Jobs](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode)
are counted towards the global limit of retries, represented by `.spec.backoffLimit`.
This means, that if there is a consistently failing index, it is restarted
repeatedly until it exhausts the limit. Once the limit is reached the entire
Job is marked failed and some indexes may never be even started.

This is problematic for use cases where you want to handle pod failures for
every index independently. For example, if you use Indexed Jobs for running
integration tests where each index corresponds to a testing suite. In that case,
you may want to account for possible flake tests allowing for 1 or 2 retries per
suite. There might be some buggy suites, making the corresponding
indexes fail consistently. In that case you may prefer to limit retries for
the buggy suites, yet allowing other suites to complete.

The feature allows you to:

> * complete execution of all indexes, despite some indexes failing,

Reviewer 5: ```nit
* complete execution of all indexes, despite some indexes failing.
```

Reviewer 3: Done

* better utilize the computational resources by avoiding unnecessary retries of consistently failing indexes.

> ### How can I use it? {#backoff-limit-per-index-how-to-use}

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### How can you use it? {#backoff-limit-per-index-how-to-use}
```

job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-4-9q6kq   0/1     Completed   0          28s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-5-z9hqf   0/1     Completed   0          28s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-6-tbkr8   0/1     Completed   0          23s
job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all-7-hxjsq   0/1     Completed   0          22s
```

Additionally, you can take a look at the status for that Job:

```sh
kubectl get jobs job-backoff-limit-per-index-fail-index -o yaml
```

The output ends with a `status` similar to:

```yaml
  status:
    completedIndexes: 0,3-7
    failedIndexes: 1,2
    succeeded: 6
    failed: 4
    conditions:
    - message: Job has failed indexes
      reason: FailedIndexes
      status: "True"
      type: Failed
```

Here, indexes `1`  and `2` were both retried once. After the second failure,
in each of them, the specified `.spec.backoffLimitPerIndex` was exceeded, so
the retries were stopped. For comparison, if the per-index backoff was disabled,
then the buggy indexes would retry until the global `backoffLimit` was exceeded,
and then the entire Job would be marked failed, before some of the higher
indexes are started.

> ## How can I learn more?

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## How can you learn more?
```

* cluster resources can be difficult to obtain for Pods pending to be scheduled,
  as Kubernetes might take a long time to find available nodes until the existing
  Pods are fully terminated.
* if cluster autoscaler is enabled, the replacement Pods might produce undesired
  scale ups.

### How can you use it? {#pod-replacement-policy-how-to-use}

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on `JobPodReplacementPolicy`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) in
your cluster.

Once the feature is enabled in your cluster, you can use it by creating a new Job that specifies a
`podReplacementPolicy` field as shown here:

```yaml
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: new
  ...
spec:
  podReplacementPolicy: Failed
  ...
```

In that Job, the Pods would only be replaced once they reached the `Failed` phase,
and not when they are terminating.

Additionally, you can inspect the `.status.terminating` field of a Job. The value
of the field is the number of Pods owned by the Job that are currently terminating.

```shell
kubectl get jobs/myjob -o yaml
```

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1

> kind: Job

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kind: Job
…
```

Author: done.

The feature allows you to:
* complete execution of all indexes, despite some indexes failing.
* better utilize the computational resources by avoiding unnecessary retries of consistently failing indexes.

### How can you use it? {#backoff-limit-per-index-how-to-use}

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on the
`JobBackoffLimitPerIndex`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
in your cluster.

Once the feature is enabled in your cluster, you can create an Indexed Job with the
`.spec.backoffLimitPerIndex` field specified.

#### Example

The following example demonstrates how to use this feature to make sure the
Job executes all indexes (provided there is no other reason for the early Job
termination, such as reaching the `activeDeadlineSeconds` timeout, or being
manually deleted by the user), and the number of failures is controlled per index.

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: job-backoff-limit-per-index-execute-all
spec:
  completions: 8
  parallelism: 2
  completionMode: Indexed
  backoffLimitPerIndex: 1
  template:
    spec:
      restartPolicy: Never
      containers:

>       - name: example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - name: example # this example container returns an error, and fails,
                      # when it is run as the second or third index in any Job
                      # (even after a retry)
```

Author: done.

---
layout: blog
title: "Kubernetes 1.28: Improved failure handling for Jobs"
date: 2023-08-21
slug: kubernetes-1-28-jobapi-update
---

**Authors:** Kevin Hannon (G-Research), Michał Woźniak (Google)

This blog discusses two new features in Kubernetes 1.28 to improve Jobs for batch
users: [Pod replacement policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-replacement-policy)
and [Backoff limit per index](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#backoff-limit-per-index).

These features provide improvements to the handling of pod failures in Job, which
continue the effort started by the
[Pod failure policy](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#pod-failure-policy)
feature.

## Pod replacement policy

> ### What problem does this solve?

Reviewer: I would just remove this line so that we don't have subtitles (line 19) without a paragraph.

Reviewer 3: I suppose you meant line 21. If so, sgtm. I think "Pod replacement policy" and "Backoff limit per index" are useful to start the sections.

Reviewer: yes, just line 21

Reviewer 3: Done

* cluster resources can be difficult to obtain for Pods pending to be scheduled,
  as Kubernetes might take a long time to find available nodes until the existing
  Pods are fully terminated.
* if cluster autoscaler is enabled, the replacement Pods might produce undesired
  scale ups.

### How can you use it? {#pod-replacement-policy-how-to-use}

This is an alpha feature, which you can enable by turning on `JobPodReplacementPolicy`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) in
your cluster.

Once the feature is enabled in your cluster, you can use it by creating a new Job that specifies a
`podReplacementPolicy` field as shown here:

```yaml
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: new
  ...
spec:
  podReplacementPolicy: Failed
  ...
```

In that Job, the Pods would only be replaced once they reached the `Failed` phase,
and not when they are terminating.

Additionally, you can inspect the `.status.terminating` field of a Job. The value
of the field is the number of Pods owned by the Job that are currently terminating.

```shell
kubectl get jobs/myjob -o=jsonpath='{.items[*].status.terminating}'
```

```

> 3 # three Pods are terminating and have not yet reached the Failed phase

Reviewer 2: The actual output doesn't include a comment. I hope this is obvious to all readers.
